Integra:

I think the biggest difference when using an object as compared to a set would be that sorting the set would no longer be an issue -- as an object cannot be sorted or unsorted.

As far as each function goes. has() would be reduced from O(n) to O(1) because no longer will a loop be needed to scan through the whole list; it can directly check if a value exists in the object yet. This means that add() also becomes O(1), as it uses the has() function to check, then adds a number if the number is not already there. clear() might actually increase from O(1) to O(n) -- I'm not sure if you can "rest" an object to not have any key-valued pairs. Delete(), values(), and size() would all stay the same, I think.

Setting up the object feels like it might be more complex in the writing process. I haven't worked a lot with them, so I have some uncertainties in what is possible, but overall it should be better because most of its functions are faster than their array equivalents. An array-based set is better if you care about sorting, or easily transfering the whole set to other places -- moving and copying a list is much easier than copying values from an object into a list, for example.If speed matters only, object-based is better, but a set seems overall more versatile because it is a 'simpler' data structure.

Sonja:

Furthermore, without knowing more about the memory-management mechanisms underlying the java script "object" and "array" data types, we can't say whether there is a benefit to storage efficiency. In most languages, the "array" data type tends to be a very low-level data type (close to the hardware), and the object data type is more "high level," potentially making it more comlicated to access and manipulate on the hardware level. Similarly, without knowing the underlying mechanisms of the javascript methods, we might be comparing apples and oranges. For example, by simply assuming that the calling the libaray function hasOwnProperty(value) in our object-based set gives our has() function a complexity of O(1). Compare this with the array-based set, which requires us to tranverse the array, with complexity O(n). We could go ahead and trust that the language and library functions have all been optimized, or we could do out homework and read the documentationt to be sure. We could also commpare run times of each function, but relative run times will vary based on the machine.  

The most important trade-off that comes to mind is that of limited storage. For devices with limited RAM, the array data type would be prefarable because it is closer to the harware, with less of the overhead. However, most programers would use a lower-level language, such as C or C++ for such applications, so perhaps this tradeoff is less relevant while we are using JavaScript, a prefered laguage for web development.